# Project Description

 - Our group was motivated to design a project that would not only be cool, but could also provide real world applications. We know that ML is used so widely in the automobile industry. Similar to a face, there are so many features that make every car unique (ie: shape, model, make, etc). This means that we could extract the data of a car and use it to determine details about the typical driver, age range, and of course price. There is such a discrepency in the price that a new or used car could be priced at. Depending on the dealership, one could get two completely different estimates on the price of their car. This is where we wanted to provide help with that. 

 - We will be designing a Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) to determine the price of a car based on the brand, price, and a photograph of the photo. Our model will consist of a mixture of convolutional layers and linear layers. We will use stochastic gradient descent to train the model, using Hyperparameter searches to determine the best line of the model. 

 - The dataset that we plan to use for this project is the The Car Connection Picture Dataset by nicolas-gervais. This model is comprised of 64,000+ different datapoints that each contain the make, model, year, front wheel size, horsepower, displacement, engine type, width, height, length, gas milage, drivetrain, passenger capacity, passenger doors, body style, random string of the car and the price with of photograph of the car. This dataset has a wide array of choices, with many different price ranges to choose from. The prices follow a logarithmic curve, meaning that given a car, there is less bias for where the price could lie. This will help mitigate overfitting for our stechastic gradient descent. Click [here](https://github.com/nicolas-gervais/predicting-car-price-from-scraped-data/tree/master/picture-scraper) to get the dataset.
 
 
